[Ambient] Update images and add logs section (#860)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Features/ambient.md

![Pod details protocol](/images/documentation/features/ambient/protocol.png)

* When the workload traffic is handled by a waypoint, the workload details will show a link to the proxy:

![Waypoint link](/images/documentation/features/ambient/waypoint-link.png)

> * Kiali will correlate the ztunnel and the waypoint logs related to the application and will show a checkbox to show them with the application logs. In this way, all the relevant information for the application is available in one place:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kiali will correlate the ztunnel and waypoint logs related to the application and provide a checkbox to include them with the application logs. This ensures that all relevant information for the application is available in one place:
```
